Fuck me
Ah!
Kind of search
If it weren't for a murder
I have to shoot you today
What? A lot of people died last night
The superintendent can't help it.
You can only turn to the commander
search
Either agree to this marriage and ask me to handle the case together
I want to hand over the whole case to you
The case must be solved within three days
Inspector Song ordered
If it doesn't break
at your disposal
Song patrol
I'm waiting for your good news.
Let's go
Song Xun, why are you so impulsive again?
Did you forget the last time you investigated the case?
Did the cold winter harm you?
Sister-in-law, I am for you
I can't join the Su family
Why bother?
Sister, what should we do first?
Don't you think about it for yourself?
Of course, from the corpse and the crime scene?
I'm right, right, right, right.
I have relied too much on you during this time.
I'm a little confused
Come on.
Matsudo, are you ready?
Junyi, let me ask you something
Where was the body last night?
Just to see the scene
Of course please follow me
I'll go with you.
Sister-in-law, don't go
This time is likely to be more dangerous than last time
I can't take care of you
You help me find Xiasu Daqiang
Let him help me
Come on.
Ash
This may be the last time we see each other